[flames roaring]
[panting]
[woman] Close the valves!
[man]
The fire's coming around.
Hurry!
[gasps]
There she is!
She has the flower seeds!
Don't let her get away!
[gasps]
Don't just stand there!
Get her!
[gasps]
[screeching]
[cows lowing in distance]
[angry grunt]
Oh, I'm so bored.
[woman] Mary, have you
finished unpacking?
Uh... unpacking.
Uh, yes!
[grunting]
[gasps]
Oh, no!
Well, that's one box
unpacked, at least.
[sighs]
[grunts]
Hi! I'm Mary Smith,
and I'm starting
at your school today.
[sighs]
I hate my hair.
[growls]
Lunch is ready.
Come on down.
Coming!
I wonder if she has
finished unpacking.
Oh, I doubt it.
Last time I cleaned in there,
those boxes were
still untouched.
[running footsteps
on stairs]
Hmph!
Nearly done
with my unpacking,
Great-Aunt Charlotte.
Good girl.
Hello, Miss Banks.
Let me help!
Whoa!
[grunts]
That's all right, love.
We have somewhere
very important to go
today, Mary.
Great!
I'd love to come.
I can help.
[gasps]
[clinks]
[groaning]
[gasps]
Oh, dear.
I'm really sorry.
Don't worry.
You don't have to help out.
That's my job, hmm?
Oh.
[chuckles]
Oh, please, allow me.
Thank you, dear.
So, where
are we going today?
Somewhere nice?
Somewhere interesting?
I'm so excited.
Will there be other kids
to play with?
[nervous chuckling]
Sorry, dear.
It's a funeral.
Forgot to say.
Oh. So-- So I won't
be coming with you?
We'll be back by 6:00.
Perhaps another day
we'll go out, hmm?
You can watch TV
until we're back.
But it's broken.
Eh?
[knob clicking]
Oh, my, you're right.
We should probably
get that looked at.
[Charlotte] Hmm. Yes, we should.
Oh, by the way,
your parents called
earlier, Mary.
Really?
Are they coming soon?
They're not quite finished
with work yet,
so it'll be
a little while longer
before they can come.
Oh, I see.
It's a good thing
you came here ahead of them.
If you'd have come with them,
you'd have started school
later than everybody else,
wouldn't you?
[dog whining]
But there's still
a week left.
It'll fly by.
Once summer break's over,
the kids will be back,
and Redmanor Village
will be swarming with
the little blighters again.
I'll die of boredom first,
probably.
[yawns]
Here.
I've made you a picnic.
It's the perfect day
to get out.
Oh, thank you,
Miss Banks.
I'm sorry, Mary.
We'll be sure to be
back home by supper.
Okay.
Huh?
Look, there's Zebedee.
I'll go and see
if he needs any help.
Don't get in the way
of his work, now, Mary.
No, I won't.
Confucius, are you coming?
[groans]
I'll take that
as a "no" then.
See you later!
Have fun, Mary.
Will you look
at her go?
You're meant to look twice
before you leap.
She hardly looks at all.
[chuckles]
That's what I love most
about her, Miss Banks.
Zebedee?
Hello?
Where did he go?
-[gasps]
-[clears throat]
Oh, Zebedee.
Something wrong?
You made me jump.
You just seemed to pop
out of the shrubbery.
A good gardener's
part of the landscape.
[gasps]
Can I help with that?
Can I?
Hmm.
[sniffs, clears throat]
Here, take these.
Thank you, Zebedee.
You be careful
with those now.
Yes.
[gasps]
Ah-- Oh.
I'm very sorry.
Never mind.
Children and dogs
just aren't cut out
for gardening.
Hmph. Right.
[grunts]
See, I knew I could do it.
I just wish
I had a smaller... broom!
[clatters]
[screams]
[muffled shouting]
What?
[muffled shouting
continues]
Huh?
[groaning]
[laughing]
Huh?
It's a person
under there.
[laughing continues]
Thought it was a monkey.
A red-haired monkey
covered in leaves.
Oh! Ugh!
That's nice.
Didn't your parents
teach you any manners?
-Oh! I was supposed
to deliver something.
-Hey, wait!
Hello, Miss Banks.
Hello, Peter.
Good to see you.
Peter?
My mum asked me
to bring these to you.
That's very kind.
Working hard instead of
having a holiday, are we?
Yes. Mum needs
all the help
she can get.
[Miss Banks]
How is your mum, Peter?
[Peter] She's fine.
She'll be
at the mayor's funeral.
Oh. I'll look forward
to seeing her there then.
Oh, Zebedee, can you
bring the car around?
Right here.
You missed one.
Ugh!
See you later.
[angry grunting]
[sheep bleating]
[meows]
Hmm?
Do you want some?
Go on. It's nice.
You know, I feel sorry for you
being born a black cat--
everyone calling you unlucky.
I can relate though.
I've got
this frizzy red hair
and no friends
to eat my lunch with.
And I'm rubbish
at absolutely everything.
It's not for lack of trying.
I try, all right.
But nothing good ever seems
to happen in my life.
Huh?
Hey!
Wait! I haven't finished
complaining about my life.
Huh?
Weren't you just black?
[gasps]
How did you do that?
Ah!
I've never been
in these woods before.
Oh, wait.
I'll get lost
if I lose sight of you.
Slow down.
You're going too fast.
[grunts]
Uh--
What happened here?
[gasps]
Of course.
There's two of you.
Look at that.
You're a couple.
Oh.
[yowling]
What's wrong?
Uh-- [gasps]
[gasps] Beautiful.
[howling continues]
I'm only taking one.
[sighs]
What are you called,
I wonder.
[meowing]
Isn't it lovely?
I found it in the woods.
I was following two cats.
A gray one
and a black one.
Hmm, I wonder
where they're from.
The black one is Tib.
The gray one is Gib.
They belong
to that young lad, Peter.
Peter.
Ugh! Not him.
[sighs]
Not that cats really belong
to anyone, of course.
I must say,
I'm surprised you found this
on your first trip
to the forest, young lady.
That flower's called
a "Fly-by-Night."
Fly-by-Night?
Aye.
That's her most common name,
though she's anything
but common.
They only grow
in these woods,
and they only bloom
once every seven years.
In fact,
this is the first time
I've seen one.
They say witches used
to seek it out.
Witches?
Aye.
The Witch's Flower.
The Witch's Flower?
[wind howling]
[meowing]
[electricity crackling]
[loud clattering]
[gasps]
What's that?
[meows]
[howling]
Tib?
What's the matter?
What happened?
[screeching]
Did you get into some sort
of fight with Gib?
[screeching continues]
Oh, you're shivering.
Don't be scared now.
I've got you.
Let's get some rest,
and tomorrow we'll
go look for Gib.
Tib?
Where's he gone?
I wonder if he went
to go look for Gib by himself.
Mary.
Morning,
Great-Aunt Charlotte.
Morning, dear.
Mary, I have
a little favor to ask of you,
if you wouldn't mind.
A favor?
No, not at all!
Would you deliver this
for me?
Of course I will.
Here. I've written down
the name and address for you.
Right.
Consider it done.
Oh, Mary, one more thing.
Don't go into the woods today.
There's a dreadful mist.
Okay, bye!
And off she goes.
[chuckling]
[humming]
"51 Village of Redmanor.
To Peter."
Peter?
Of all the people
in the village,
it has to be him.
-Oh.
-[brake squeaks]
Well.
Red-haired monkey.
[inhales]
I happen to have a name,
you know.
It's Mary Smith, actually.
Okay.
Hello, Mary.
Huh? What's this?
I don't know.
Something for you from
my Great-Aunt Charlotte.
Brilliant!
Raspberry jam!
[gasps]
The raspberries from Redmanor
are the best ever!
Yes! [laughs]
Well, I'd better
go say thank you.
[clears throat]
I can't chat now.
I'm going to look
for Tib.
Tib?
Wait.
Mary!
Was Tib over at your place
last night?
Yes, but he disappeared
this morning.
Was Gib there too?
I haven't seen her
since yesterday.
She and Tib--
I saw them together
in the woods yesterday.
You really
ought to stay away
from the woods.
With all this mist,
it's dangerous.
You don't have
to come along.
I want to find them too.
They are my cats, you know.
Hey! Stop!
Everyone knows
you're not supposed to go
into the woods on misty days.
Oh. You're scared.
[gasps]
Coward.
Hey, I said wait!
Red-haired monkey.
[gasps]
You be quiet!
It's not like I chose
to have this frizzy red hair!
I hate it!
I wish I could change,
but I can't.
[gasps]
Mary.
Leave me alone.
Hey. At least
let me come with you.
Don't you dare follow me!
Fine. Go by yourself.
Ugh! I will never,
ever forgive him.
Never, ever, ever!
It is misty.
Tib!
I thought I might
find you here.
Hmm? Tib, what are you
doing with that flower?
Uh-- [sighs]
[gasps]
[screams]
Ow!
This isn't where
we came before.
Tib.
Hey.
What's the matter?
Why did you bring me
all the way out here?
Hmm?
Is that a broomstick?
It is. I wonder
what it's doing
all the way out here.
[grunting, gasps]
Wow!
It must be really old.
Hmm?
Hmm.
I wonder what this says.
But look at this, Tib.
It's exactly the right height
for me.
Maybe now I'll be able
to help Zebedee.
[gasping]
[grunting]
[groans]
Aw.
Tib, what'd you
do that for?
[gasps, squeals]
What is going on?
[screams]
What did that flower do?
Wait. Hold on.
[broom grunting]
[grunts]
[groans, panting]
[broom grunts]
Huh? Oh.
No! Aaah! Oh.
Ah, please put me down!
[meows]
Oh!
[screams]
[groaning]
[gasps]
[whimpering]
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Hold on, Tib!
[gasps]
Tib, where are we?
[meows]
-[gasps]
-[thunderclaps]
Where on earth...
[shouts]
are you taking me?
Aaah!
[gasps]
Tib, is this
some sort of dream?
[gasps]
I wonder what's in there.
What? Wait!
What are you doing?
Stop! [screams]
[screaming continues]
[broom grunting]
[groaning]
What did you do that for?
Huh? Uh--
Somebody really likes brooms.
[male voice]
Well, now, you've made
quite a mess, haven't you?
Aaah! Who are you?
I'm Flanagan,
and I get to clean
all this up.
So, I'm guessing you'll be
wanting a few lessons, then.
You attempted that landing
much too quickly.
Whoa! Steady, boy!
Steady there!
Whoa. There.
[grunting]
Good lad.
There's a good lad.
Whoa, that tickles!
[laughing]
Now you stand quiet, eh?
Rest here
till you're needed again.
[grunting]
Good broom.
Now, make sure you take
better care of him from now on!
All brooms should be parked
right here in the stables.
That's a very strict
rule here.
But I don't even know
where "here" is.
I've never even
been here before.
That's for sure,
'cause if I taught you,
you'd know how to ride
that broom properly
and not fallen off at my feet,
making a great big mess.
Wait. Did you say
you teach broom riding?
I used to,
but things change.
Ah, the new students
don't know what
they're missing.
New students?
What do you mean?
[laughing]
As if you don't know
what I mean!
It's as plain
as the nose on your familiar
that you're a new student.
My familiar?
No, his name's Tib.
He's--
[music chord playing]
Ho-ho!
Quick as you like!
That's the first bell!
They're especially strict
about tardiness!
Who are? Hold on! Wait up!
Hip-hop, hip-hop-hop.
Hurry up!
Hip-hop, hip-hop.
Now would be a good time
to wake up from this dream.
And why did he call Tib
a familiar?
Because that's what he is.
Black as night
and eyes like emeralds.
What else could he be?
He's as much a familiar
as you are a witch.
And that's as plain
as the nose on your wee face.
-Uh, no!
-You don't have to
pretend round here.
Come now!
Let's not be late for classes
on your first day.
But-- But I'm not a new pupil.
Hip-hip, hip-hip, hip-hip.
And here we are.
I didn't know
you could get
so out of breath in a dream.
-[screeching]
-Tib!
Sorry, but this little fellow
will have to be on a leash
on campus.
That's the rule.
Campus?
Of course.
Endor College!
Endor College?
This here's
the main entrance.
Many a fine witch has passed
through these gates.
As you know, it's one
of the most prestigious
schools for witches,
dating back
to the days of dragons.
Oh! I have to read
something to you.
Come here.
Come with me.
Okay.
This is Endor College
campus rule number one.
Now learn this
or there will be trouble.
Trouble?
Ready? Ahem!
"Trespassers
will be transformed."
And repeat.
"Trespassers
will be transformed."
That's right.
Those who enter
the campus falsely
will be transformed
into something other
than themselves.
[wood rumbling loudly]
[squeaking]
[whimpers]
See you later.
New pupils get the tour
from the headmistress herself.
-No, wait!
-Must be off.
Toodle-pip!
Bye-bye now!
What do you think, Tib?
Should we go in?
[gulps]
[creature howling]
[howling quietly]
[howling continues]
How peculiar.
[wood rumbling loudly]
[squeaking]
[meows]
Hmm.
Well, Tib, on we go.
There's no sense
in looking back.
[grunts]
Don't be scared, Tib.
I'm not scared.
[meowing]
[chittering]
Aaah!
[gasps]
Oh-oh, you must be
the new girl.
Greetings and good day.
Welcome to you
and your familiar.
Oh, uh, I think--
I think there may have been
some misunderstanding.
With this lovely hair,
I doubt it.
I-I shouldn't be here.
I hope you're not suggesting
you're some sort of trespasser.
[whimpers]
Me? No, I'm the new girl.
That's me.
Hmm.
Of course.
Excellent.
[gasps]
[whistle blows]
Uh!
I am Headmistress
Mumblechook.
And your name?
Uh, um, Mary Smith, madam.
Welcome to Endor College,
Mary Smith.
Thanks.
Hmm. You'll be pleased to know
this is the most exceptionally
exclusive college of magic.
Only the chosen may enroll.
College of magic?
Come now.
Let me assist and acquaint you
with our curious campus.
Oh! [chuckling]
[gasps] This is--
[Mumblechook]
This is the main hall.
It is here
that we collect sunlight
to illuminate the college
in all hours, all weather.
[Mary] I was going
to say "amazing."
[chuckling]
It is that as well.
Look, Tib, over there.
Morning, madam.
Marvelous morning.
[boy] Look,
it's Madam Mumblechook.
How do those
elevators work?
They're electric, my dear.
Electricity is also
a form of magic.
[gasps]
[whimpers]
Come and see
the classrooms,
and then we can discuss
enrollment.
[gasping] Aaah!
[Mumblechook humming]
This is
the first-year classroom.
As you can see,
all first years have
broom-riding lessons.
And up straight.
[Mumblechook]
It can take up to a year
to master it completely.
[Mary] I see.
[blubbering]
Oh, but you wouldn't need
anywhere near a year.
Why?
I saw you arrive.
You were quite adept
with that broom.
[laughing]
Now,
let's have you see something
a little more specialized.
Specialized?
Magic aeronautics,
magic history,
magic chemistry.
We offer a multitude
of magical majors here.
Ah, but at Endor College,
what we are best known for
are our courses
on transformation,
decidedly the most difficult.
I'm sure.
Oh, dear.
Seems like there'll be
an awful lot of studying.
What about sports
or field trips even?
Certainly, there are
many recreations here.
My personal favorite
is the aerial gymkhana,
held in December.
At Endor, we cultivate
witches and warlocks
who excel in mind,
body and spirit.
Ah!
Amazing!
The dining hall
is state-of-the-art.
Students eat
whatever they please.
Every meal
is nutritionally balanced
and mouthwateringly delicious.
I think
my favorite subject
will be lunch.
Mary, someone
with your talent
would certainly be
a credit to Endor.
Quite extraordinary.
Talent?
Talent for what?
As a witch, Mary Smith,
a remarkable witch.
Do you really think
I didn't see the insignia
on your hand?
What? Oh. This.
Yes, that.
And no schooling,
yet look how much you can do.
Witches your age
can barely sweep up
with a broom,
let alone ride one.
And you've somehow tamed
a perfect familiar.
Thanks. I'm not used
to compliments.
I'm blushing, I think.
My dear,
have a look and see...
and see what I see.
This red hair of yours,
like a burning flame.
Red-haired witches
have always been
supremely superior.
No other color
is more coveted
for witches.
And on someone
like you--
You're
a once-in-a-century talent.
Hmm.
[chuckling]
[sparking]
[Mumblechook]
This is the laboratory.
In the second year,
you'll immerse yourself
in the study of chemistry.
Chemistry?
Not magic?
What is potion-making
but chemistry by another name,
as the renowned Dr. Dee
is fond of saying?
Surely
you've heard of him.
What?
What? Um, yes,
of course I have.
Um, Dr. Dee.
[chuckling]
Hmm. I'd like you
to meet him.
Doctor!
Madam Mumblechook.
You know I hate induction.
I-I mean interruption.
I am conducting
an analysis of the test results
we collected the other day.
I must calibrate
every comparative compound
with absolute zero interference.
My positive energy is being used
to devise meticulous plans.
Uh-huh.
Doctor, allow me to
introduce our newest pupil,
Miss Mary Smith.
She is a genuine prodigy.
And look at this
ravishing red hair.
Indeed.
Red, ruby, crimson,
scarlet, copper.
All marvelous colors.
Marvelous, yes.
The recessive gene that causes
red hair only occurs in one to
two percent of the population.
But I'm forgetting my manners.
How do you do, Miss Mary?
H-- How do you do?
Dr. Dee does well.
And what he doesn't know
about science in magic,
he soon will.
I have a question
for you, Mary.
Now, if we have
two virtual worlds
in two different dimensions
and call the one on the plane
of X "Pattern Turtle,"
and we call the dimension
that represents magic
"Pattern Crane,"
which of the two patterns
do you think
is the more effective approach
in biogeochemical analysis, hmm?
Any ideas?
Um--
Pattern Turtle
or Pattern Crane?
Hmm. Turtle, I think.
Turtle, you say?
That's impossible!
No, you're right.
You may indeed be right.
You've carved out
a new path!
Splendid, Mary, splendid!
[gasps]
So you're well-versed
in chemistry.
Hmm. Yeah,
I'm not bad at science.
[chuckles]
[Dee] Excellent!
Then I shall show you
our most advanced class?
[Mary] Yes, please.
[bell dings]
These are
the finest students
at Endor College.
What?
Where?
I don't see anyone.
Exactly.
It's going rather well.
Huh?
Oh, my.
Invisibility
is a most difficult
discipline.
Let's see you try it.
Uh--
Grizel!
What?
Let her borrow your orb.
Um, that's okay.
I'm not really interested
in invisibility.
-Here!
-Oh!
[meows]
[howling]
Sorry, Tib.
Now watch the orb
and concentrate, my dear.
But...
Uh--
The Fly-by-Night marks.
Now, Miss Mary,
dissolve every cell,
every atom in your body.
Concentrate on the fusion
between magic and mind!
[meows]
Uh--
Whatever happens happens.
Now, what did Dr. Dee say?
Dissolve my cells?
Disappear, disappear, disappear,
disappear,
disappear, disappear,
disappear, disappear.
She's doing it!
-Oh! Superb!
-[meows]
Disappear, disappear,
disappear, disappear, disappear.
Uh-- Now what?
What's happening?
[squealing]
Could-- Could it be
that she's actually surpassed
the ability
to make herself invisible?
This is not going well.
[meowing]
[gasps]
[howling]
Oh, Tib!
Uh-- Uh--
[clapping]
[Mumblechook]
Excellent.
That was quite excellent,
Mary Smith.
Where did you acquire
such skill?
That was most advanced.
Well,
I didn't expect that.
You may well be a prodigy
the likes of which are
rarely seen, Miss Mary.
Me? No.
That is the power
of the red-haired witch.
Red hair. Of course!
Isn't that wonderful?
She's amazing!
Yes. I mean,
that was probably only
40 percent of my power.
[gasping, murmuring]
[Dee] Extraordinary!
What an honor it is
to welcome such a witch.
Whilst clearly you
will learn from us,
it seems we may ultimately
learn something from you.
Welcome, dear!
Thank you.
I'm looking forward
to it, madam.
A round of applause
for the enrollment
of Mary Smith,
a prodigy who has reached
the convergent boundary
between magical ability
and scientific mind!
[meows]
It will be fine, Tib.
I'll make a great witch,
you'll see.
[chuckles]
[weary meow]
[bell rings]
What a day, eh, Tib?
When we get to my office,
I'll give you the enrollment
forms to fill out straightaway.
Yes, with pleasure.
[Dee] Now, this will be
of interest to you, Mary.
This is where
I carry out my experiments
in transformation magic.
[Mary] What's in there?
[Mumblechook]
It's a strong room.
We need to make sure
the transformation
experiments are secure.
Huh.
[gasps]
Hmm.
A young specimen.
[screeches]
This one should make
an excellent test subject.
Hmm!
[screeching continues]
[Mumblechook] Oh, Dr. Dee
has had wonderful success
turning powerless animals
into magical beings.
[Mary]
Powerless animals?
-Uh--
-[meowing]
Come back!
[gasps]
No, no.
You really don't want
to be in there.
[howling]
Tib!
What's wrong with you?
[laughing]
You ought to
keep better control
of your familiar.
Sorry.
[shrieking]
[howling]
[loud thudding]
What's that?
Dr. Dee,
what was that?
Failures. Alas,
there can be no progress
without failures.
Failures?
Oh, yes.
Each one a lesson!
The building blocks
of success.
You see, the development
of science and magic
is built on failures.
See you in one diurnal turning,
little prodigy.
[lock clicking]
Come along, Miss Mary.
You should be on your way
before it gets dark.
Coming.
Hmm.
[singing]
Enrollment forms
Where did I put
Those enrollment forms?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Do feel free to wait
for me upstairs.
Oh, sure.
Mmm, they must
be here somewhere.
Oh, you'll find some
interesting artifacts
up there.
It's my personal
museum of magic.
I'm very proud of it.
Some of the items date back
to ancient times.
Of course,
it will be no time at all
before someone of your talents
gets to use them, my dear.
Oh, my.
[gurgling]
Ooh.
Well, how odd!
The application form
for honor students
should be here somewhere.
The Fly-by-Night.
[gasps]
Uh--
[thinking]
Master spells.
Uh!
The spell
to eliminate darkness.
to make something rotten.
The spell to ease
stomach pains.
The spell to deflect
an enemy's attack.
A book of magic spells.
Mary, my dear,
perhaps you should serve--
[gasps]
as the Endor College
student representative, hmm?
-You could start tomorrow.
-Oh. What?
Really?
Yes, really!
Oh, you're more
than qualified.
I can't think of anyone better
to represent the school.
And let's see.
Perhaps you should also head up
the festival committee.
Uh, maybe, but--
And you can lead
the study tours.
And wouldn't it be wonderful
if you could represent us
at the academic conference too?
Well, some people
might get a bit jealous,
but no starting student
has ever been this talented.
Madam, wait. I'm not.
Not what?
It's not true.
I'm not talented.
I can fly on the broom,
and I can become invisible,
but it's all thanks
to a mysterious flower.
Flower?
Uh--
Did you say "a flower"?
Well, uh--
"A mysterious flower," Mary?
Yes, but I--
Where is it?
What?
You appear to be hiding
something behind your back.
Me? No. No, no, no.
Then what is it
that you're holding?
Oh, no, it's nothing.
Show me your hands!
Oh.
And what might this be,
my dear?
Oh.
Oh, I don't recognize
these strange symbols.
Ah! Hmph.
"51 Village of Redmanor.
To Peter."
Oh.
Yes, you see,
the flower belongs to him.
I don't really understand
how it works myself.
Hmm.
Peter's very talented,
much more than me.
Hmm. I'd like to keep this
if I may, Mary.
Uh, sure.
[chuckles]
Tremendous.
In that case, I'll go and fetch
the enrollment form, hmm?
You'll fill it out,
and, um, bring it tomorrow.
All right?
Uh, yes, ma'am.
Uh, no need to see me off.
I can find my own way.
But thank you for today.
And tomorrow we'll debate
the discontinuity
of Filio Functions.
Look who's here.
Uh, Mr. Flanagan!
Oh, good to see you.
And my broomstick.
Thanks.
Well, now, your mistress
has come back for you.
[chuckles]
But I'm not sure
I can find my own way home.
Don't worry.
The broomstick knows the way.
[grunting]
Oh, that's good.
[whimpers]
Am I glad to see you.
Now, nice and gentle.
Come on, Tib. We're off now.
Tib? What's the matter?
He's a cat,
so he might just be sulking.
You never know with them.
Or perhaps he doesn't
want to leave.
Cats do have an affinity
for magic, after all.
Oh!
Tib, let's go home.
I'll give you a nice saucer
of warm milk.
-Good! Now, I want you
to hold on tight.
-Okay.
The girl's broomstick.
[gasps]
You've
a good broomstick there.
Look after it.
-Away!
-[screaming]
I said gentler this time!
Congratulations, madam.
What a splendid witch
we have enrolling with us.
She brings great promise
to Endor College.
That girl has discovered
where the flowers are.
A discovery indeed.
What did you just say?
The flowers?
You don't mean--
Yes.
The stolen Fly-by-Nights?
How could you possibly
let her leave, madam?
She's going to bring them
right to us.
We have her
like a cat on a leash.
Oh, the book!
I shouldn't have taken it.
Tib, are you okay?
Are you cross with me?
I was scared.
I-- I didn't mean
to take it.
It just sort of happened.
At least we got away
before madam realized.
I thought she was going
to eat me alive.
Anyone else would have done
the same thing.
[whines]
[screams]
[hums]
[grunts]
[groans, winces]
Oh.
Little broomstick?
I guess the magic's faded.
But it wasn't a dream, was it?
[hums]
[gasps]
Tib!
Where are you off to?
Zebedee was right.
Cats really don't belong
to anyone.
Oh! [groans]
Oh, my bum!
[door opens]
[Charlotte] Mary?
Is that you, Mary?
[gasps]
Great-Aunt Charlotte!
Yes, it's me!
Oh, my dear.
I'm not dreaming. I knew it.
We were very worried,
you know, Mary.
Mary, slow down.
You'll get indigestion.
Sorry,
but I'm so hungry,
Miss Banks.
It must have been
a wonderful day then,
Mary.
Um,
let me see.
Mm-hmm.
Yes. It really was.
It was very exciting.
Do try to come home
a little earlier tomorrow,
eh?
Now, Miss Banks,
go easy on her.
Mary's back safe and sound,
right?
Oh, yes.
And it's so nice
to be home.
Home, you say?
"Fill out the enrollment form
and bring it tomorrow,
if you would be so kind,
Miss Smith."
[giggles]
I am not going back there.
"You truly are
a remarkable talent,
with your red hair."
[in nasal voice]
"You may well be a prodigy,
Miss Mary."
"You should serve as Endor's
student representative."
[knocking]
[knocking continues]
[Miss Banks] I'm coming.
[door opens]
Zebedee,
what is it?
What's the matter?
[Zebedee]
It's Peter.
We can't find him anywhere.
Peter?
[Charlotte] Zebedee,
what do you think
has happened?
No one's seen him.
He's been missing
all afternoon.
His bicycle was found
at the edge of the woods.
[gasps]
[Charlotte]
He's not gone into the woods
with all that mist about.
Peter knows
better than that.
Oh,
my goodness.
Now, now. It's Peter
we're talking about.
He'll be home
in no time.
We're looking everywhere.
I'm sure we'll find him.
Do take care.
Give our regards
to his mother.
I will.
Good night.
He must've gone
back into the woods
looking for me.
[crash]
[cat yowls]
[yowls]
[hisses]
Tib.
-[warbling]
-[gasps]
[wings squeaking]
[gasps]
-[meows]
-What's this?
[shouts]
Mary Smith,
the impostor witch.
How dare you taint
the noble establishment
that is Endor College?
[scoffs]
Did you really think
you could fool us?
[whimpering]
Well, now, it seems that
your friend has drifted here
along with the mist.
-[gasps] Peter!
-[muffled grunts]
[Mumblechook]
It was easy finding him,
thanks to all your help.
If you want to save him,
you must bring me
the witch's flower.
And since it only blooms
once every seven years,
you'd better be quick.
But if you decide not to come,
there's a rule, remember?
That "all trespassers
will be transformed."
[gasps]
I'll see you soon,
impostor witch.
[yowls]
[gasps]
No.
It's all my fault.
Hmph!
[meows]
I know, Tib.
But we have to go.
[tinkling bell music]
[bubbling]
[meows]
Ah. Hey! Wait!
Whoa!
Mary?
[groans]
Please,
I need you to fly quietly
or we'll be found out.
[grunts]
Come on, Tib.
To Endor College.
Mary.
Where are you, Mary?
[gasps]
But this is...
Oh.
[whimpers]
Mary?
Thank you.
Wait for me here.
[mumbles]
Here we go, Tib.
Hey! Hey, wait for me!
[Mumblechook]
Oh, look who it is.
Back so soon?
Are you having trouble
with your enrollment form?
Needless to say,
we've been expecting you.
Indeed.
In fact, your return was faster
than Gelman's magical reaction.
Now, where is he?
[Dr. Dee] Ah!
Excellent!
The Fly-by-Night.
It's quite dangerous.
Much safer if you just
hand it over.
Where is Peter?
You said you'd let him go!
[gasps]
Give that back!
Hey!
[gasps]
Well done.
Thank you.
[gulps]
[dings]
[hums]
[gasps]
How long I've waited.
[Mary grunting]
Get your creepy hands off me!
Take her
to the strong room.
I want to study her later,
so handle her with care.
Liars!
Cowards!
This isn't
what we agreed to!
[gasps]
[grunts]
[object unlatches]
[gasps]
Good night.
Now what?
Tib?
[warbly meowing]
[screeching]
Are you in there?
[buzzing]
-[growls]
-[yelps]
[buzzing]
[yelps]
[cages buzzing]
[creatures chattering]
All these creatures.
[grunts]
These must be the failures
that Dr. Dee was talking about.
[growls]
[wails]
He used you poor animals for
his transformation experiments.
Awful.
[yowls]
Tib!
[creatures yowling]
Tib, what have you found?
[yowling]
[yowling back]
Gib?
Is that you?
Now I see, Tib.
You brought me here to help
find your girlfriend.
[yowling]
[sighs]
Now if only we could find Peter.
[gasps]
You witch.
Get me out of here.
[grunting]
Peter!
Huh?
Mary.
What are you doing here?
[whimpering]
Mary?
Are you okay?
Say something.
I'm so sorry, Peter!
[sobbing]
Um...
that's all right.
[Dr. Dee] This is it.
Without a doubt.
We can once again resume
the final phase of
our transformation experiments.
All thanks
to this little flower.
Tadpoles become frogs.
Caterpillars, butterflies.
At long last, with this power
the students of Endor
will graduate
as the most powerful
witches and warlocks
ever known!
[Dr. Dee]
And those witches and warlocks
will change the world.
We've waited so long.
We can put
the previous tragedy
behind us.
This time we will
definitely succeed.
And we're in possession
of a much younger subject
this time.
[clicks]
We can't go wrong!
And let us not forget
his inherent innocence.
Yes, yes, yes.
Of course!
Innocence has a catalytic effect
on the absorption of magic.
I shall prepare at once!
Familiars, to the laboratory!
Peter, I'm really sorry.
Poor Gib.
I wish they could
have changed me instead,
into an adult.
Just like that.
Sure would make
my mum's life much easier.
I could help out more,
and I could take
the burden off her a bit.
I guess what
I'm trying to say is,
you're not the only one
who wishes they could change.
Peter.
We have to at least try to
get out of this awful place!
[grunting]
Come on!
I have to get home.
[grunting]
We'll go home together!
-[grunting]
-[thuds]
Oh! Peter!
[grunts]
Are you okay?
[chuckles]
Let's go home, shall we?
All of us,
together.
Hmm.
Right.
Let's see now.
Mary,
how did you get here?
Me?
I rode a broomstick.
Broomstick?
What are you
talking about?
Are you saying
you can use magic?
Uh, yeah,
but only for tonight.
[gasps]
That's right. Tonight.
I really am a witch.
More acceleration.
I need those children
in the laboratory at once!
I mistrust that Mary Smith
with every atom of my body.
Let me see now.
"Spell to unfasten locks."
No. No.
You can read this?
To smash a door down.
No, we need something
that will
change everyone back.
[Peter]
Just by chanting a spell?
I don't think anyone
can just chant them.
You have to have some power.
So this power of yours,
when did you figure out
you first had it?
Ah! I found it.
"The spell to undo all magic."
What's done is done,
until it's undone.
[both yelp]
Mary!
What's happening?
[roaring]
[chittering]
[Peter] Gib!
Oh, thank goodness.
Mary!
Tib! Gib!
What did you do?
What's going on?
[gasps]
If I was able to undo the
transformation spells, it should
have worked on the doors too.
[lion roars]
Come on, Peter.
Let's go!
O-Okay.
[grunts]
[clicks, hisses]
[buzzing]
What's that?
[thuds]
[Dr. Dee]
Oh! Oh!
[grunts]
[roars]
[animals screeching]
We might get trampled here.
Best to get out of the way.
[growling]
How can my magical locks
be broken?
It's impossible!
I cast the spell myself!
[Dr. Dee shouting] No!
[animals howling]
No! No!
[grunts]
[rumbling]
Who could that be?
[gasps]
How could this have happened?
No! No! No!
Reveal, not conceal.
[gasps]
My...
book of master spells!
Ah, yes, look!
The door's open, Mary.
Oh.
I'm over here.
[animals chattering]
Where to now?
There!
[caws]
Do you think
they know the way out?
Let's follow them.
Whoa. Whoa!
[yelping]
What are they doing?
Clearly
they're trying to escape.
But how have they done this?
That girl, Dr. Dee!
She's stolen
the master spell book.
After them!
Okay, we can do this.
I know we can.
Ready?
Wait!
Come on!
There must be another way.
[Flanagan]
Hey, new girl!
[both] Ah!
Little broomstick.
What did I say about leaving
this little fella
all over the place?
I told you to put it away
with the others.
Ah!
Mr. Flanagan!
You need to have more respect
for your broom.
Young folk
these days.
And what
is going on tonight?
Thank you,
Mr. Flanagan.
[suckers popping]
Flanagan?
Ah!
He'll never change.
[hums]
Get on.
Huh?
Do as I say.
[groans]
We're floating!
[gasps]
Hold on, will you?
[panting]
Grab! Attack!
Bring them back!
[grunts, shouts]
Peter!
[grunts]
[groans]
Mary, go on!
Get out of here.
What?
-Go!
-No! Peter!
[suckers popping]
[hisses]
[Dr. Dee]
Mmm, a perfect
young specimen.
You're going to be the subject
of my most important
magical experiment.
You should be
thrilled.
[grunts]
Leave me alone.
Now, I must retrieve
my master spells
from that impostor witch.
That girl could ruin everything,
and then we'll never
get another chance.
[broom whooshes]
Go back!
I said go back!
Why won't you do what I say,
little broomstick? Why?
Where are you
taking me?
Down there?
-[meows]
-[hums]
Ah, hang on, Tib!
[shouts]
[grunts]
[broom groaning]
[groans]
Ah! What was that?
Oh. Little broomstick?
[rustles]
I wonder who lives here.
[gasps]
[woman's voice]
Welcome home, miss.
Nice to see you.
Oh, this isn't my...
Oh.
Wow.
[gasps]
[grunts]
I see.
This is your home.
[grunts]
So when I said "go back,"
you...
It's been such a long time
since you've been home.
Truly overjoyed
to see you again.
In fact,
I didn't think you were
ever coming back.
Now...
everything's ready.
Please, come inside.
Hello?
What a lovely room.
Oh, my goodness!
Tib!
[gasps]
It's Madam and Dr. Dee.
[Tib meows]
What is it?
Careful.
Don't touch anything.
-[meows]
-Look.
This is how
they transformed Gib.
Awful.
How dare they do this?
[gasping]
[gasps]
They want to transform people.
Peter!
[voice]
Mary.
[gasps]
Uh, um, I'm sorry.
Oh!
Ah, it's just my reflection.
Hmm?
Is someone there?
Mary.
Great-Aunt Charlotte!
I don't understand!
You're in my old house,
my dear.
My little broomstick
must have brought you to it.
Your home?
Your broomstick?
What do you mean?
Mary, the flower.
Where is
the Fly-by-Night?
Um... I don't know.
Madam and Dr. Dee
took it.
Oh, Madam, Dr. Dee.
Wait, Great-Aunt Charlotte,
how do you...
Mary, please listen.
Those two are trying to do
something extremely dangerous.
[gasps]
What's happened?
Once,
I was a student here.
I stole
the Fly-by-Night seeds
and escaped.
You stole them?
Back then, Madam and Dr. Dee
were loved by everyone.
They were
very gifted scientists
and kindhearted teachers.
But one day I, like you,
came across the Fly-by-Night
in the woods.
I made the mistake
of giving it to them.
And after that
everything changed.
They were never
the same again.
They became obsessed
with the Fly-by-Night,
spending endless hours
studying the seeds that
would bear the flowers.
Madam saw the potential
of the Fly-by-Night
to transform students
so they would be able to wield
infinite magical ability.
But the experiment
ended in tragedy.
They simply couldn't
control its power.
I had no choice.
I had to do something.
I couldn't let them
make the
same mistake again.
In this world,
there exists certain powers
that can never be harnessed.
Yet, despite everything
that happened,
those two still believe
that the experiment can work.
And if they have the flower,
that means they'll be able to...
[gasps]
They're going to try it again
on Peter!
Mary, put your hand
on the mirror.
[gasps]
Like this?
It's been a long time
since I've done magic,
but perhaps
I can get this to you.
The flower!
It's the last one.
Mary, you don't have
much magical power
left in you.
Use that flower
to come home at once.
Otherwise, you won't be able
to return home ever again.
Do you understand,
Mary?
No! I can't just
come home by myself.
I made a promise
that we'd come home together.
I must go to Peter.
Peter?
If this is the last flower,
I have to use it to save him.
[gasps]
Mary.
It's Madam.
Mary, I wish I could
do more for you,
but I can't.
You won't have much power,
dear. Are you sure?
Hmm!
I made a promise to Peter and
I will be coming back with him.
Mary.
I'll come home, I promise!
[glass shatters]
Mary.
[buzzing]
Now why on earth
would she come here?
[mumbling]
[gasps]
Oh, no, you don't!
Ready to go?
[gasps]
Little broomstick!
Are you okay?
[buzzes]
Ah!
[gasps]
[shouts]
No!
[gasps]
Grab, attack!
Bring her back!
[warbling]
Little broomstick.
Hang in there.
Take me to Peter!
She still has power.
After her.
[thunderclaps]
That must be
where they're keeping him.
At last, it begins.
[gasps]
Grab, attack!
Steal it back!
Oh!
My bag!
And the flower!
Give it back!
Foolish girl, the book
and the flower belong to me
in the first place.
You have no claim on them.
Fly, seek, pursue.
Stick to her like glue.
[groans]
[yelps]
[yelping]
[calling]
Oh, she'll have to use up
all the power she has left.
And to think
she had one last flower
up her sleeve.
Terrifying.
[warbling]
Please hold on,
just a little
bit longer!
[gasps]
Oh! Little broomstick!
[groaning]
Oh.
Out of power.
[meows]
Tib!
[gasps]
Little broomstick!
No!
Please say something!
Little broomstick!
What am I going to do now?
[crying]
[hums]
-[humming]
-[meows]
[grunting]
You're right.
I mustn't give up.
I made a promise.
We are going home,
together, all of us.
[thunder rumbling]
[panting]
[screams]
[grunts]
[meows]
[monkey chitters]
It's you.
You're from the strong room.
[grunting]
You all are!
[rumbling in distance]
There's no other way.
Thanks, I'll go on
alone from here.
Good-bye.
I couldn't have made it
this far without you.
Thank you.
I'm coming, Peter.
[rattling, squeaking]
What now?
[meows]
Huh?
[both meowing]
Gib! You're safe!
I'm so glad.
Where's Peter?
In there?
Are you sure?
[rattling, squeaking]
[growling]
[warbling]
I told you before!
In the Velta socket!
[gasping]
The Fly-by-Night.
All is ready.
The final stage of
the transformation experiment.
We stand on the cusp
of magical history!
Peter!
[sighs]
Soon this boy
will possess the ability
to wield any magic.
He will be changed forever.
[Dr. Dee] And then
we shall change the world.
[gasping]
[gasps]
It is simply superb.
Peter!
Please stop it, please!
You must!
Dr. Dee!
It can't be.
[bubbling]
Peter.
[Dr. Dee]
Calm down, everyone.
This is no failure.
This is rebirth.
The egg has merely cracked,
but, uh...
Ah.
[gasps]
Doctor! It's melting!
This can't be happening!
Open the valves!
Ah!
No, no, no.
Not yet.
Not yet!
[screaming]
This is a disaster.
Doctor!
We must do something.
Mary.
Peter!
Don't panic.
This is merely the second stage.
We can still control the power
by taking... Ah!
[warbling]
[Dr. Dee]
This is just
like the last time.
Oh, Doctor,
we must undo everything!
No, you mustn't!
[grunts]
We have to stop this now!
Madam, be careful!
[Dr. Dee]
Don't! All our work
will be for nothing!
[groans]
Where is it?
Where?
[growls]
Madam!
[squeaks]
[yelps]
Madam!
The creature's
drained all her magic.
How has
this happened?
I did everything perfectly.
[grunts]
[meowing]
[growls]
No!
[groaning, hissing]
There's one left.
[grunts]
[gasps]
Peter,
I'm coming to rescue you!
Mary!
I'm here!
-Run!
-I won't!
[Dr. Dee] Mary!
Get away, Mary,
before it's too late!
You can't defeat him.
That creature can use any magic!
It can use any magic.
Peter!
Peter, can you hear me?
Give me your hand!
You can use the book!
[grunting]
Let's go home, together.
[grunts]
What's done is done,
until it's undone!
[groaning]
[yelps]
Madam.
We don't need magic!
Huh?
Oh, Mary.
[meows]
Peter! And Gib.
You're all right!
[meows]
Tib.
[chuckles]
Look, I found your bag,
but, um,
I've have no idea where
your broomstick could be.
Don't worry about it.
It's fine.
So, uh, how are we
going to get home?
[Flanagan]
Right! That's it. This is
the final straw, new girl.
What on earth did you do
to your poor broom?
Mr. Flanagan.
I remember you.
Look, now.
It's your mistress.
Hey, look at that!
[grunts]
Little broomstick.
You're fixed!
Of course.
You really must
show more love
for your broom.
Thank you, Mr. Flanagan!
[laughs]
[grunts]
[Mary] I wonder
what will happen to them.
[Peter]
Madam and Dr. Dee?
[chuckles]
They'll be fine.
[gasping]
[Peter]
After all, they can use magic.
[yelping]
[chuckles]
I guess.
One day of magic
was enough for me.
Hey,
you've got something
in your hair.
Huh.
Look at that.
Well, I won't be
needing this anymore.
Ha!
Wait.
What was that?
Hold on tight.
This is the last time
I'm ever using magic.
Whoa!
[woman singing in Japanese]
[singing continues]
[no audible dialogue]
[music fades]